A clean conscience is a soft pillow.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
A friend will soon bring you a gift.
A good beginning is only half done.
A good example is the best sermon.
A good time to start something new.
A new challenge is near.
A package of value will arrive soon.
A pet will always brighten your day.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
A refreshing change is in your future.
A small incident will develop to your advantage.
A smile is the shortest distance between two people.
All people smile in the same language.
An unexpected event soon will bring you happiness.
Any fool can criticize. Many do.
Attitude more than aptitude, will determine your altitude.
Be alert!  You're about to make a new lifelong friend.
Be alert, practical and honest.
Be what you wish others to become.
Before honor is humility.
Before receiving honor, you must have humility.
Compliments cost nothing yet can give so much.
Discover the power within yourself.
Do everything with confidence.
Do not let society paralyze you with its limits.
Do not rush through life, pause and enjoy it.
Do onto others as you would have them do onto you.
Do something unusual tomorrow.
Do that which your heart tells you.
Don't tell all you know but know all you tell
Fail to prepare and prepare to fail.
First things first.
Every baby born into the world is a finer one than the last.
Every baby comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged.
Everything bows to success, even grammar.
Everything we have we owe to God.
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
Fail to plan and plan to fail.
Fail to prepare and prepare to fail.
Failure is success trying to be born.
Failure to prepare is preparing to fail.
Families are like fudge. mostly sweet with a few nuts.
Fear of failure is the biggest obstacle to success.
Fear of knowing is very deeply a fear of doing.
First things first.
First, understand. Then, be understood.
Follow your dream. take one step at a time, and just continue to climb.
Follow your heart and you'll never get lost.
For children is there any happiness which is not also noise?
For each criticism give four compliments.
For the wise man, every day is a festival.
Forget goals. Value the process.
Forget yesterday: Tomorrow will be a golden day for you.
Free advice is usually worth what you paid for it.
Friendships are made, not discovered.
Do that which your heart tells you.
Do you act or react?
Domestic peace is the luxury you enjoy between the baby's bedtime and your own.
Don't agonize. Organize!
Don't buy someone else's problems.
Don't control. Enlist support.
Don't let the success of Christmas be measured by the money that is spent.
Don't let your advertisements get ahead of your reality.
Don't live down to expectations. Go out and do something remarkable.
Don't show all your gold at once.
Don't tell all you know but know all you tell
Drive the business, or it will drive thee.
Each day comes bearing gifts.
Each day comes just once in a lifetime, today you are creating tomorrow's memories.
Each year January 1 brings the arrival of the New Year and the survival of Christmas.
Economy is the wealth of the poor and the wisdom of the rich.
Education is the best provision for old age.
Either it's hot in here, or they just lit the candles on your birthday cake.
Complete heath and awakening are really the same thing.
Compliments cost nothing yet can give so much.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
Congratulations on your recent heir raising occasion!
Consultant: one who looks at your watch and tells you the time.
Creditors have better memories than debtors.
Cut the cake!
Delay It; Or Drop It.
Discover the power within yourself.
Distrust interested advice.
Do everything in the name of the Lord Jesus.
Do everything with confidence.
Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Do not let society paralyze you with its limits.
Do not rush through life, pause and enjoy it.
Be proactive, not reactive.
Be slow in your words and earnest in your conduct.
Be what you wish others to become.
Becoming a Mother is to decide forever to have your heart go walking around outside your body.
Before honor is humility.
Before receiving honor, you must have humility.
Being influenceable is key to influencing others.
Beware of lovers bearing fortune cookies.
Birthdays are merely mind over matter.  If you don't mind, it doesn't matter!
Blend receptivity with action.
Blessed are the risk takers for they shall bring us tomorrow.
Bring this season and a new year of health, happiness and prosperity.
Business is more exciting than any game.
Business Is Not Busy-Ness.
Business people, more than politicians, will solve the nations problems.
By spending oneself, one becomes rich.
By the work one knows the worker.
Celebrate the 2012th anniversary of the birth of Christ and our redemption through Him.
Champagne, cake, and birthday laughter. dieting and aspirins the day after.
Change before you have to.
Choose a job you love and you will never need to work.
Christmas is when Santa comes down the chimney and your savings down the drain.
Cleaning house while your kids are growing up is like shoveling snow before it stops snowing.
Communication is the currency of leadership.
Communication is your most important source of power.
An admirer wants to take you on a South Seas cruise.
An alarm clock is a device to awake people who don't have babies.
An old-fashioned, romantic Valentine's Day awaits you at a country inn.
An unexpected event soon will bring you happiness.
And remember that behind every successful woman is a basket of dirty laundry.
Answers make you wise, but questions make you human.
Any fool can criticize.
Anyone who says things are in bad shape these days, hasn't seen you lately.
Appreciate your own uniqueness and talents.
As is the mother, so is her daughter.
As trust increases, so, too, does efficiency.
Aside from survival, people most want to be understood.
Ask questions first. Then state your opinions.
Attitude more than aptitude, will determine your altitude.
Babies are angels whose wings grow shorter as their legs grow longer.
Babies are Mother Nature's way of saying there is more to life than sleep.
Babies are such a nice way to start people.
Baby - a little person who is subject to change without notice.
Bad habits are hard to break, especially if you like them.
Be alert!  You're about to make a new lifelong friend.
Be alert, practical and honest.
Be careful and systematic in your business arrangements.
Be careful and systematic in your business arrangements.
Be careful in whom you share your confidence.
Be careful not to overspend this month.
Be careful of extravagance.
Be cautious in your financial dealings.
Be efficient with things. With people, be effective.
Be honest and fair to everyone - whether a deeply loved family member or a stranger.
Be nice to people on your way up. You may meet them on your way down.
Be patient - the true love you seek will appear.
Be prepared! You will receive a romantic message from a secret admirer.
A package of value will arrive soon.
A person travels the world over in search of what he needs and returns home to find it.
A pet will always brighten your day.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
A problem is an backwards opportunity.
A refreshing change is in your future.
A sense of humor is the pole that adds balance as you walk the tightrope of life.
A ship in the harbor is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.
A small incident will develop to your advantage.
A smile is the shortest distance between two people.
A winner never whines.
After all, tomorrow is another day.
After graduation, you enter upon the time of life where you are responsible for grading your own answers.
Align with existing forces even if you are against them.
All events are blessings given to us to learn from.
All great deeds, and all great thoughts, have a ridiculous beginning. Good luck on your journey.
All of your babies best traits must come from you!
All people smile in the same language.
All that I am or ever hope to be, I owe to my angel Mother.
Alone we can do little, together we can do so much.
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
Always be kind.  Have a good attitude. Never give up.
Always begin with an end in mind.
Always look for ways to add value for the customer.
Always take a photograph of a rainbow when you see one.
Always tell the truth- it's the easiest thing to remember.
Get out of the dogma house.
Give the world the best you have and the best will come back to you.
Go forth Class of 2012, and conquer every challenge.
God  can do tremendous things through the person who doesn't care who gets the credit.
God can do wonders with a broken heart if we give him all the pieces.
God could not be everywhere, therefore made mothers.
God is rarely early, but always on time.
God never promised us a perfect life. He's saving that for the hereafter.
God will not do for you what you can do for yourself.
Good ideas come free of charge.
Good negotiators separate people from problems.
Graduation is not the end, it's the beginning.
Great knowledge brings great things.
Great knowledge brings great things.
Guard well your spare moments. They are like uncut diamonds.
Habitual patterns of thought determine success or failure.
Happiness will bring you good luck.
Have a relaxed night tonight.
Have another piece of birthday cake. Who's watching?
Have patience- it will benefit you.
Have respect for yourself and others will too.
Have the courage and self- confidence to accept challenges without being sure you will succeed.
He who knows the most says the least.
He who looketh upon a women loseth a fender - sign in a auto repair shop
He who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
Helping a friend is like helping yourself.
Hold tight to your dreams.
Holiday time is when people want the past forgotten and their present remembered.
Honest differences are often healthy signs of progress.
Honest is still the best policy.
Honesty Is The Best Policy
Honor is your greatest reward.
Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst.
Hope is like a balloon. it can't soar to the heavens if you hold it by the string.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment to improve the world.
I couldn't get you a present this year. I only had enough for this fortune cookie.
I love my mother as the trees love water and sunshine - she helped me grow, prosper, and reach great heights.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
If the eyes are looked upon as the windows to the soul, then a smile must be the doorway to the heart.
If the idea you had three days ago still looks good, do it!
If we followed our own advice, we'd be successful.
If you aren't fired with enthusiasm, you'll be fired with enthusiasm.
If you buy things you don't need, you'll soon be selling things you do.
If you buy what you don't need you steal from yourself.
If you can't stand the head get out of the kitchen.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
If you don't believe Christmas lasts all year, take a look at your charge accounts.
If you don't control your destiny someone else will.
If you don't have a competitive edge, don't compete.
If you have a lemon; make lemonade.
If you mail your holiday gift early, it will give the receiver time to reciprocate.
If you only speak well of others, you never need to whisper.
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
If you want to sell some jeans don't talk about them.
Important events are in your future.
In a good business deal everyone wins.
In a new situation, get all your expectations on the table.
In agreements, written words help dispel doubt.
In communications, focus your attention on the receiver.
In good times, people want to advertise; in bad times, they have to.
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.
In the absence of authority assume it.
In the cookies of life, friends are the chocolate chips.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
In this Jubilee Year, grow in the likeness of Christ and in holiness.
In this life, we cannot do  great things, we can only do small things with great love.
In words of love a little exaggeration is O.K.
Infant care is a thing that has to be learned from the bottom up!
Influence someone you do not know.
Innovate or evaporate.
Insanity is hereditary; you get it from your children.
Integrity is the spine of business.
Invest, but never speculate.
Investment knowledge pays the best dividends.
It is a bad plan that allows for no modifications.
It is a good time to finish up old tasks.
It is a good time to start something new.
It is better to be a leader than a follower.
It is not a mountain we conquer, but ourselves.
It takes time to be a success.
It takes twenty years to make an overnight success.
It's a perfect day to give your special someone a gift.
It's better to have a bad plan then no plan at all.
Judgment comes from experience, Experience comes from bad judgment.
Keep your expectations reasonable.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine and the shadows will fall behind you.
Keep your family traditions alive and flourishing.
Keep your plans secret for now.
Know who knows and you need not know.
Labels are for cans not people.
Laughter shortens the distance between people.
Leadership is action, not position.
Learn to laugh at yourself. You'll always be amused.
Leave undone whatever you hesitate to do.
Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Let the people who do the work design the solutions
Let the spirit of the Jubilee Year into your daily life and the life of your family.
Let us be thankful for the fools. Without them the rest of us couldn't succeed.
Let your personality shine tonight.
Life begins at forty!
Life is a blank canvas. You choose what to paint on it.
Life is a cup to be filled not drained.
Life is a promise: fulfill it.
Life is my college. May I graduate well, and earn some honors!
Life is not the candle or the wick, it's the burning.
Life is ours to be spent, not saved.
Life is too short to be little.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy eating birthday cake.
Listen to friends with an ear to the future.
Live for today. Learn from yesterday. Look to tomorrow.
Live your life as an Exclamation, rather than Explanation.
Live your life as if you were someone's only role model.
Live your life so that all you want your children to be, they see in you.
Long life is in store for you.
Look for happiness and you will find it.
Success comes in cans, failure in cant's.
Success is energy!
Success is more a function of consistent common sense than genius.
Success is never a destination, it's a journey.
Success is never final.
Success is not a destination, it is a journey.
Success is preparation meeting opportunity.
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage.
Success will be yours at home and in business.
Success will come to you soon.
Success, remember is the reward of toil.
Successful salesman: someone who has found a cure for the common cold shoulder.
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
Take a break and enjoy your life.
Take a trip with a friend.
Take advantage of an unusual opportunity to advance.
Take as long a view as you can afford to take.
Take no risks with your reputation.
Take one day at a time.
Take pride in everything you do.
Take that chance you've been considering.
Take time every day to appreciate the gifts God gives us in people, in nature, in the arts.
Take time to laugh for it is the music of the soul.
Take time to smell the roses.
Take time to stop at the designated 'scenic overlooks'.
Talking does not teach.
Tears are water for your soul.
Tell the truth. It's easier to remember.
Tell your best friends how much you appreciate having them in your life.
Selling is finding the people to sell and selling the people you find.
Serious trouble will pass you by.
Service is the rent we pay for room on this Earth.
Service is what life is all about.
Seven days without prayer makes one WEAK.
Share your happiness with others today.
Show empathy for your customers.
Show gratitude for what you have now, then for all good things still ahead.
Simple pleasures are the best.
Since it's the thought and not the gift that counts - consider this fortune a $1,000 bill!
Sleep is something that science can't abolish - but babies can.
Some friends wish you happiness, others wish you wealth, but you are wished most all, contentment blessed with health.
Some people must break before becoming whole.
Someone dear to you will be visiting you soon.
Someone in a distant city is thinking of you with love on this Valentine's Day.
Someone is secretly in love with you.
Someone is speaking well of you.
Someone is thinking of you.
Someone once said, if you want to make God laugh, tell him your plans.
Someone special is thinking of you.
Someone thinks you are very special and wants to let you know it.
Someone who deserves special attention awaits your magical voice.
Something important will be coming in the mail this month.
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
Soon you will meet a friend from your past.
Speak well of friends. Of enemies, say nothing.
Spread love everywhere you go.
Stand for something or you could fall for anything.
Stop waiting!  Buy that ticket.  Take that special trip.
Strive to provide all three.
Success can corrupt; usefulness can only exalt.
Procrastination. the thief of time.
Products are merely physical expressions of in ideas.
Prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Pure religion is Love in action.
Purpose, pattern, and people, the three P's at the heart of life.
Purposeful prior planning prevents poor performance.
Quality service is what your customers say it is.
Quality, Service, Low Prices.
Read a biography of someone you have always admired.
Real business often happens after lunch or dinner.
Real business often happens after lunch or dinner.
Real business often happens during lunch or dinner.
Real business often happens during lunch or dinner.
Remember that life's experiences are almost always more valuable than things.
Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more.
Remember that what you do with what happens to you, is more important than what happened.
Remember to keep the holiday spirit when you throw out the Christmas tree.
Retirement Does Not Mean Quitting Life.
Right now there is an energy pushing you in a new direction.
Romance and travel will be yours this Valentine's Day!
Satisfied customers are your best advertisements.
Save money and money will save you.
Second thoughts are often wiser than first impressions.
See The Beauty In Everything.
Seek and ye shall find!
Seldom in doubt, frequently in error.
Self-improvement is a gift you give others.
Sell your ideas, they are totally acceptable.
Of all the things you wear, your expression is most noticeable.
On ordinary days, we need to say thanks to God for His gifts to us.
One generation plants the trees; another gets the shade.
One good way to sell: Make it convenient to buy.
One is not old until regrets take place of dreams.
Only the educated are free.
Open wide the door to Christ in your life.
Optimists build castles in the sky.
Others need not lose for you to win.
Our child will be blessed with a large family.
Out of debt, out of danger.
Outward success alienates a man from himself.
Pass the credit. Save the cash.
People admire you for being such a charmer.
People buy on emotion and justify with fact.
People find you attractive, inside and out.
People tend to get what they expect.
Pessimists dig dungeons.
Plan your journey with God's help, and the ride will be smooth.
Prepare for the unexpected.
Plant a sunflower garden this spring!
Mothers hold their children's hands for a short while, but their hearts forever.
Never delegate planning, motivating, or evaluating.
Never forget that contentment is the greatest wealth.
Never reveal the bottom of your purse or the depth of your mind.
Never say never.
Never throw good money after bad.
Never underestimate the power of the symbolic.
No one ever went bankrupt because of low overhead.
No one's been hurt from laughing too much.
Nobody is counting calories at your birthday - they're all too busy counting candles.
Not to decide is a decision.
Nothing creates a firmer belief in heredity than having a good-looking baby!
Nothing endures, but change.
Nothing icky will ever happen on your birthday.
Nothing interferes with the holidays more than looking for a parking space.
Nothing is more terrible then activity without insight.
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.
Nothing makes us more tolerant of a neighbor's holiday party than being invited to it.
Nothing seems to make a child more affectionate then sticky hands.
Now is the time to start something new.
Now is the time to try something new.
Of all the rights of women, the greatest is to be a mother.
Make yourself necessary to somebody.
Man who wear flat board on head may walk down path with dress on and people will applaud.
Many admire your social and physical appearance.
Many answers are questionable.
Many new choices are upon you.
Many of your wishes will soon come true.
Many people fail because they quit too soon.
Many questions are unanswerable.
Marriage is one subject on which all women agree and all men disagree.
May each day be a joyful witness for you of God's love.
May good fortune come to you for your birthday!
May peace be always with you.
May the Prince of Peace bring you peace and joy throughout New Year 2011 and always.
May you be guided by the Lord and give thanks to Him for taking you to places beyond your imagination.
Measure how far you've come, not where you came from.
Measure success, not by how much money you make, but by your contributions to the lives of others.
The exercise will do you good.
Men are what their mothers made them.
Men play the game, but women know the score.
Middle age is having a choice between two temptations and choosing the one that'll get you home earlier.
Middle age is the awkward period when Father Time catches up with Mother Nature.
Middle age is when your classmates are so gray, wrinkled and bald they don't recognize you.
Middle Age: When you begin to exchange your emotions for symptoms.
Money flows toward good ideas.
Money grows on the tree of persistence.
Look for the big picture.
Look for the dream that keeps coming back.
Look in the right places and you will find good fortune.
Look to Mary, the Mother of God, as your model for the new year.
Look to the next month for some pleasant surprises.
Look toward the future, but not so far as to miss today.
Looking fifty is great - if you're sixty!
Love does not always wear a friendly face.
Love is a grave mental disease.
Love is in your future.
Love is like a pair of socks, you have to have two that match.
Love is like the moon, when it does not increase it decreases.
Love is like war, easy to begin, but very hard to stop.
Love of action is not industry.
Love, time and patience are your three great physicians.
Luck is coming your way.
Luck is now with you, act upon your instincts.
Luck will be yours when you least expect it.
Luck will visit you on the next full moon.
Make amends wherever possible.
Make time for a relaxing vacation.
Make time for prayer and the scriptures in your daily life.
Make use of your finest talents.
Make your dreams a reality.
Make your life your sermon.
Look for the big picture.
Look for the dream that keeps coming back.
Look for the good. Search for the truth. Hope for the best.
Look in the right places and you will find good fortune.
Look out Notre Dame!
Look to Mary, the Mother of God, as your model for the new year.
Look to the next month for some pleasant surprises.
Look toward the future, but not so far as to miss today.
Looking fifty is great - if you're sixty!
Love comes to you in a red BMW this Valentine's Day!
Love does not always wear a friendly face.
Love is a grave mental disease.
Love is blind. Jealousy; however, sees too much.
Love is blind. Jealously sees too much.
Love is in your future.
Love is like a pair of socks, you have to have two that match.
Love is like the moon, when it does not increase it decreases.
Love is like war, easy to begin, but very hard to stop.
Love of action is not industry.
Love, time and patience are your three great physicians.
Luck is coming your way.
Luck is now with you, act upon your instincts.
Luck will be yours when you least expect it.
Luck will visit you on the next full moon.
Make amends wherever possible.
Make time for a relaxing vacation.
Make time for prayer and the scriptures in your daily life.
Make use of your finest talents.
Make your dreams a reality.
Make your life your sermon.
Labels are for cans not people.
Laughter shortens the distance between people.
Leadership is action, not position.
Learn to laugh at yourself. You'll always be amused.
Learn.  Commit.  Do. (Repeat forever)
Leave undone whatever you hesitate to do.
Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Let the people who do the work design the solutions
Let the spirit of the Jubilee Year into your daily life and the life of your family.
Let us be thankful for the fools. Without them the rest of us couldn't succeed.
Let your personality shine tonight.
Life begins at forty!
Life is a blank canvas. You choose what to paint on it.
Life is a cup to be filled not drained.
Life is a promise: fulfill it.
Life is my college. May I graduate well, and earn some honors!
Life is not the candle or the wick, it's the burning.
Life is ours to be spent, not saved.
Life is too short to be little.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy eating birthday cake.
Listen to friends with an ear to the future.
Live for today- remember yesterday- plan for tomorrow.
Live for today. Learn from yesterday. Look to tomorrow.
Live your life as an Exclamation, rather than Explanation.
Live your life as if you were someone's only role model.
Live your life so that all you want your children to be, they see in you.
Long life is in store for you.
Look for happiness and you will find it.
Thank you for celebrating with us.
That which obtain too easily we esteem too lightly.
The best holiday gifts are wrapped in smiles.
The best holiday present is a welcome to family and friends
The best is yet to come.
The best possible infant care is to keep one end full and the other end dry.
The best way to make children good is to make them happy.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
The clouds will rain success on to you.
The counting of years matters little, it's what we put into the years that gives the meaning.
The current year will bring you much happiness.
The final act of business judgment is intuitive.
The finest holiday present to give yourself is a little peace of mind when the season gets hectic.
The four basic food groups during the holidays are cookies, pastries, ginger bread houses and pies.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
The future is made of the same stuff as the present.
The game ain't over 'till it's over.
The gifts you have received in life, are the gifts you are here in this world to share.
The great man is he who dares not lose his child's heart.
The greatest gift and honor is having you for a daughter.
The greatest love is a mother's, then a dog's, then a sweetheart.
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
The heart has reasons the mind cannot understand.
The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness.
The holiday season is as meaningful as we make it.
The holidays are a great reason to eat too much.
The holidays are a race to see what gives out first - your feet or your money.
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
The law of heredity is: All undesirable traits come from the other parent.
The leaders sense and transform the needs of followers.
The love of money is the root of all evil.
The most generous holiday gift is friendship.
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
The mother's heart is the child's schoolroom.
The next person you meet could become your very best friend.
The next snowy weekend, get out the board game you enjoyed most growing up.
The night life is for you.
The old believe everything, the middle-age suspect everything, the young know everything.
The only people who never fail never try.
The only pitch to ever pitch a no-hitter on opening day was Bob Feller of the Cleveland Indians.
The only thing of value we can give our children is what we are, not what we have.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
The party always begins when you arrive.
The past is gone. tomorrow is full of possibilities.
The philosophy of one century is common sense to the next.
The purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows.
The quick fix is a mirage.
The rainbow's treasures will soon belong to you.
The respect of influential people will soon be yours.
The results are only shadow and echoes of your actions.
The riches of others make you more vauable.
The road to success is always under construction.
The road to success is always under construction.
The road to success is not a path you find but a trail you blaze.
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
The secret to business is to know something that nobody else knows.
The seeds of an idea you planted long ago finally blossom.
The smallest seed of faith is better than the largest fruit of happiness.
The smart thing to do is be yourself.
The smart thing to do is to prepare for the unexpected.
The social scene can be fun today.
The spirit of the Lord is upon me.
The star of happiness is shining on you.
The star of riches is shining upon you.
The sun is always shining somewhere.
The sun will shine through your heart and warm your soul.
The time is right to make new friends.
The true leader is always led.
The truly educated never graduate.
The two hardest things in life are failure and success.
The way you spend the holidays is more important than how much you spend.
The world will soon be ready to receive your talents.
The worst use that can be made of success is to boast of it.
There are big changes coming that will make you happy.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
There is no time more fitting to say Thank You and to wish you a Happy New Year.
There will always be delightful mysteries in your life.
These holidays are a great way to spend money and not feel guilty about it.
Things do not change, we change.
Things of luxury will surround you.
Things refuse to be mismanaged long.
Think win-win or No Deal.
Thirty-five is when you finally get your head together and your body starts falling apart.
This is a prosperous time of life for you.
This Valentine's Day will bring you a love thought lost.
This Valentine's Day will bring you the attention of someone special.
This year will bring you happiness.
Those who cannot accept advice and will not be counseled cannot be helped.
Those who never ask know all, or nothing.
Time is the iron that smoothes away the wrinkles in our past.
Time you enjoyed wasting, is not wasted time.
To clarify another's problem, rephrase the content; reflect the feeling.
To give you must receive. To receive you must give.
To keep a lamp burning, we have to keep putting oil in it.
To keep the heart unwrinkled, be hopeful, kind, and cheerful. It's the only way to triumph over old age.
To know how to grow old is the master work of wisdom.
To know how to wait is the great secret of success.
To make a good product, design a smart process.
True happiness comes from within.
Work hard. Help others. Be sincere.
Truth is usually better than subtlety.
Two lawyers can live in a town where one cannot.
Understand that you have the skills and experiences that will equip you for different adventures.
Until someone sells an idea nothing happens.
Verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
Warmest thoughts and best wishes for a wonderful holiday and a very Happy New Year.
We all smile in the same language.
We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.
We do not know what the future holds, but we have each other.
We do not remember days, we remember moments.
We feel close to everyone during the holidays -especially in the aisles of stores.
We must become the change we want to see.
We need more people who specialize in the impossible.
We never know the love of the parent until we become parents ourselves.
We only do well the things we like doing.
We spend our school days yearning to graduate and our remaining days nostalgic about our days in school.
We tend to get what we expect. - Norman Vincent Peale
Wealth can't buy heath, but heath can buy wealth.
Wealth without wisdom is a fool's paradise.
Welcome one another as Christ has welcomed you.
Welcome to the beginning!
Well begun is half done.
What comes from the heart, touches the heart.
What goes around comes around.
What is now proved was once imagined.
What kills the skunk is the publicity it gives itself.
What most people consider as a virtue, after the age of 40, it is simply a loss of energy.
What you decide today will be your good fortune.
What you don't owe won't hurt you.
What you earn depends on what you learn.
What you think is a problem is an opportunity for growth.
When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, one hundred.
When Christmas starts so early that Santa's wearing  shorts, that's too early.
When enlightened business people pass on, they leave good Corps.
When holiday songs speak of peace on Earth, why don't they tell us where?
When you arrive at the fork in the road, take it.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
While too much food may fill the stomach, too much knowledge can never fill the brain.
Why is it called a white Christmas when it leaves most of us in the red?
Why not split the holiday chores? I'll sign the cards, you sign the checks.
Winners never quit. Quitters never win.
Wishing for the good old days only means you're old.
Wishing that your special delivery will be a very special package of delight.
Wishing you a holiday Season filled with joy and good cheer and the best of everything in the coming year.
Wishing you a year filled with health, happiness, and lots of good fortune!
With each year you have become more knowledgeable, forgiving, loving, and forgetful.
Without the help of God, we would have nothing.
Words, once spoken, cannot be recalled.
Work is play. Play is work.
Work on improving your exercise routine.
Work will expand to fill the time allotted.
Worries are prayers for outcomes you don't want.
Wrinkles merely indicate where the smiles have been.
Yes, go ahead with confidence.
You are a celebration of joy and life.
You are a classic.
You are a leader in your own way.
You are a person of culture.
You are a true romantic.
You are always the center of attention.
You are always welcome in many ways.
You are an angel.  Beware of those who collect feathers.
You are capable, competent, and creative.  Prove it.
You are careful and systematic in your business arrangements.
You are careful and systematic in your business arrangements.
You are deeply attached to your family and home.
You are destined to be lucky in love
You are highly respected among your friends.
You are next in line for a promotion.
You are not over the hill yet. You are just at the top.
You are not to be compared with others.
You are only as old as you feel.
You are only starting on the path to success.
You are original and creative.
You are sociable and entertaining at all times.
You are soon going to change your present line of work.
You are talented in many ways.
You are the bows from which your children, as living arrows, are sent forth.
You are the center of every group's attention.
You are the evening star in someone's eyes.
You are the life of any party.
You are the master of every situation.
You are the painter and sculptor of your own life.
You are unrepeatable miracle of God!
You are very expressive and positive in words and feelings.
You are very optimistic.
You are what you think about.
You can always trust your friends.
You can be master of every situation.
You can get what you want but not how you wanted it.
You can never plan the future by the past.
You can prosper in the field of computers.
You can prosper in the field of high technology.
You can prosper in the field of medical research.
You can trust a crystal ball about as far as you can throw it.
You cannot control the wind but you may adjust your sails.
You cannot direct the wind, but you can direct the sails.
You cannot slide uphill.
You cannot slide uphill.
You deserve a good time after a hard day of work.
You deserve a hug, right now.
You find beauty in ordinary things.
You give power to what you give attention to.
You have a capacity for enjoying life.
You have a deep appreciation for art and music.
You have a reputation for being straightforward and honest.
You have a secret rival.
You have an ambitious nature.
You have an important new business developing.
You have found good company: enjoy.
You have great patience.
You have strong personal ideas and convictions.
You have the ability to work well with others.
You have the attitude of a winner.
You love peace.
You love to be the center of attention.
You made it!
You may go now. Your brain is full.
You need not worry about the future.
You never worry about the future.
You took the wrong cookie. Now you've messed everything up.
You will be called upon to help a friend.
You will be honored by someone you respect.
You will be promoted soon.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
You will be rich and respected.
You will be showered with good luck.
You will be successful in a business of your own.
You will be successful in a business of your own.
You will be successful in your career.
You will be successful in your work.
You will be surrounded by luxury.
You will find gold among the sand.
You will find opportunity at the center of difficulty.
You will have a long and healthy life.
You will have a lot of love in your future.
You will have a lot of love in your future.
You will have no problems in your home.
You will have some wonderful new experiences.
You will inherit a large sum of money.
You will live a long, prosperous life.
You will make a great dad!
You will make your own footprints in the snow.
You will meet someone special at a social event.
You will meet someone special at your friend's party.
You will meet someone special this week.
You will overcome difficult times.
You will receive a secret romantic message in a strange way.
You will receive something important in the mail soon.
You will see the great pyramids in Egypt.
You will soon be crossing great waters.
You will soon be invited to a party.
You will soon be on a secret mission of the heart.
You will soon be sitting on top of the world.
You will soon be the center of attention.
You will soon have an heir.
You will step on the soil of many countries.
You will travel to many exotic places.
You will travel to many places in the world.
You will travel to many places.
You've got to have a dream. If you never dream, how are you going to have a dream come true?
Your baby will be a source of great joy to you all of your life.
Your baby will exhibit an exuberance for living throughout life.
Your brain is a receiver for infinite intelligence.
Your business will be successful.
Your career looks bright.
Your career plans look bright.
Your careful nature will bring you financial success.
Your child will be blessed with a large family.
Your circle of friends will soon grow larger.
Your confidence and assurance attracts others.
Your courage will guide your future.
Your current year will bring you much happiness.
Your dearest wish will come true.
Your dreams can come true, if you have the courage to pursue them!
Your family is a link to the past, a bridge to the future.
Your fortune is sweet as a cookie.
Your future looks bright.
Your good nature and kindness will be appreciated by many on your Birthday.
Your happiness is a byproduct of an effort to make someone else happy.
Your hard work is about to pay off.
Your help will be needed by a close friend.
Your life is a tapestry of rich and royal hue.
Your love, unlike this cookie, will never crumble.
Your luck has been changed for the better today.
Your luck will be changed today.
Your new baby will be gifted with many rare talents!
Your prayers will be answered.
Your sense of humor is enjoyed by all.
Your smile brings happiness to others.
Your success and happiness lie in you.
Your success depends on your ability to dream and how you follow through.
Your wishes will come true tonight.
A cheerful letter or message is on its way to you.
A child is a fire ready to be lit.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
A closed mouth catches no flies.
A cynic is a person who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
A day for firm decisions! Or is it?
A diversity of friends is a credit to your flexible nature.
A fresh start will put you on your way.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
A half truth is a whole lie.
A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he's finished.
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs, and returns home to find it.
A meal without wine is like a day without sunshine
A neat desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
A new perspective will come with the new year.
A new project will enliven your conversation.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.
A signature always reveals a man’s character... and sometimes even his name.
A stable house depends on solid foundations.
A sure cure for seasickness is to sit under a tree.
A verbal contract isn’t worth the paper it’s written on.
A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's. She changes it more often.
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties.
Act in hast, repent in leisure.
All men are mortal. Socrates was mortal. Therefore, all men are Socrates.
All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
All will go well with your new project.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
All your hopes, dreams and fears are the beginning of the future.
Always finish what you started.
Always laugh at yourself before others do.
Always remember you’re unique, just like everyone else.
Always try to make other people happy, even if you have to leave them alone to do it.
An agreeable romance might begin to take on the appearance.
An empty stomach is not a good political advisor.
An important person will offer you support.
An investment in the community will reap high returns of good will.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance. Be stingy with your anger.
Be careful of your thoughts, they may become words at any moment.
Be careful or you could fall for some tricks today.
Be direct, usually one can accomplish more that way.
Be nice to your kids. They’ll choose your nursing home.
Beauty in its various forms appeals to you.
Beauty is only a light switch away.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes right to the bone.
Because you demand more from yourself, others respect you deeply.
Being number two sucks.
Believe it can be done.
Bend the willow while it is young.
Better poor, young and wise, than rich, old and a fool.
Better to live well than to live long.
Boomerangs are coming back
Both folly and wisdom come upon us in years.
Cast no dirt in the well that gives you water.
Celebrate your identity by resisting categorization.
Change is happening in your life, so go with the flow!
Chopsticks are one of the reasons the Chinese never invented custard.
Competence like yours is underrated.
Confident people are able to laugh at themselves.
Congratulations! You are on your way.
Dedicate yourself with a calm mind to the task at hand.
Determination is what you need now.
Diplomacy is the art of saying “Nice doggie!”... till you can find a rock.
Do not be intimidated by the eloquence of others.
Do not confuse what is valuable with that which is sought after.
Do not let ambitions overshadow small success.
Do not make extra work for yourself.
Do something new today.
Don't be hasty, prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Don't confuse recklessness with confidence.
Don't corner something meaner than you.
Don't just think, act!
Don't let friends impose on you, work calmly and silently.
Don't let the past and useless detail choke your existence.
Don't let your limitations overshadow your talents.
Don't miss the beautiful colors of the rainbow looking for the pot of gold.
Don't worry; prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Eighty percent of success is just showing up.
Emulate what you admire in your parents.
Emulate what you respect in your friends.
Even if the voices aren't real, they still have some good ideas!
Every obnoxious act is a cry for help.
Everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes.
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
Faith is knowing there is an ocean because you have seen a stream.
Find a job you love and you'll never work a day in your life.
Follow the river and you will find the sea.
Forgive your enemies. It messes with their heads.
Fortune favors the brave.
From now on your kindness will lead you to success.
Get your mind set...confidence will lead you on.
Give yourself permission to celebrate.
Go take a rest; you deserve it.
Goals mean little without action.
Good news will be brought to you by mail.
Good news will come to you from far away.
Good things are being said about you.
Good wine makes a bad head and a good story.
Grant me patience, but please hurry.
Great thought comes from the heart.
Guns don't kill people. Bullets flying really really fast kill people
Half of all doctors graduated in the bottom half of their class.
Happiness is a path, not a destination.
Happiness is liking what you get.
Happiness will bring you good luck.
Happy life is just in front of you.
Hard work has a future. Laziness pays off now.
Have a beautiful day.
Have confidence in your unusual perceptiveness.
He who cannot endure the bad will not live to see the good.
He who conducts his affairs based on advice found in cheap baked goods is a knucklehead.
He who dies with the most toys is nonetheless dead.
He who laughs last didn't understand the joke
Help! I'm being held prisoner in a fortune cookie factory.
Hope is the denial of reality.
Hope you're not going home by car tonight.. ..it's just been clamped.
How do you tell when you run out of invisible ink?
How high could you go if you knew you wouldn't fall?
I can see up your nose.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
I smile because I have no idea what's going on!
If a true sense of value is to be yours it must come through service.
If at first you don’t succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for you.
If everything seems to be going well, you've obviously overlooked something.
If it jams force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
If it weren’t for electricity we’d all be watching television by candlelight.
If study be neglected in youth, what will you do in old age?
If voting could really change things it would be illegal.
If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
If you can dream it, then you can achieve it.
If you can read this you don't need glasses.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
If you do not change the direction in which you are going, you will end up where you are headed.
If you don't take care of your customers and employees, someone else will.
If you look in the right places, you can find some good offerings.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of mortgage payments.
If your desires are not to extravagant they will be granted.
If your wife wants to learn to drive, don't stand in her way.
Ignorance is a powerful excuse.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Insanity is hereditary. You catch it from your kids.
Insecurity is your biggest hurdle.
Is knowledge knowable? If not, how do we know this?
It is an ill cook that cannot lick his own fingers.
It is easy to be wise after the event.
It is less painful to learn in youth than to be ignorant in age.
It is more noble to make yourself great than to be born so.
It is worth reviewing some old lessons.
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
It will get easier once you make the initial push.
It's a grand thing, to be loved! And a grander thing still, to love!
It's as BAD as you think, and they ARE out to get you!
It's time to get moving. Your spirits will lift accordingly.
Just because you think you're paranoid. Doesn’t mean someone isn't following you.
Keep your feet on the ground even though friends flatter you.
Keep your sense of humor; Always look to being number one.
Laugh at your problems: everyone else does.
Laugh in the face of danger, then hide until it goes away.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
Laughter translates into any language.
Lead others to a difficult, but necessary, conclusion.
Let the world be filled with tranquility and goodwill.
Life is not about how fast you run, or how high you climb, but how well you bounce.
Listen to everyone. Ideas come from everywhere.
Living with a commitment to excellence shall take you far.
Look behind you.
Man who run in front of car get tired: man who run behind car get exhausted.
Man with one chopstick go hungry.
Many will travel to hear you speak.
Marriage is a wonderful invention; but, then again so is a bicycle repair kit.
Mediation with an old enemy is advised.
Meditation with an old enemy is advised.
Men love with their eyes; women love with their ears.
Money can't buy you happiness but it does bring you a more pleasant form of misery.
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
Most of the stuff people worry about never happens.
Nappies and politicians need to be changed… often for the same reasons.
Necessity never made a good bargain.
Never argue with an idiot. They drag you down to their level, then beat you with experience.
Never give up. And never, under any circumstances, face the facts.
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
Never stand between a dog and the lamp post.
Never take a job where winter winds can blow up your trousers.
Never test the depth of water with both feet.
New ideas could be profitable.
New people will bring you new realizations, especially about big issues.
Nice to be here? At your age it’s nice to be anywhere.
No man is the worse for knowing the worst of himself.
No one is listening until you make a mistake.
No one waits for yesterday.
No time like the present.
No wonder you always go home alone.
Now is a good time to buy stocks.
Now is the time to go ahead and pursue that love interest!
Now is the time to try something new.
One good turn gets most of the duvet.
One learns by failing.
One of your aspirations is within your grasp.
One the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down.
One who can speak, speaks of markets; one who can’t speaks merely of household affairs.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men don't change.
Others can help you now.
Others want to enlist you for your valuable assistance.
Pennies from heaven will find their way to your doorstep this year!
People are attracted by you.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.
People who claim they don't let little things bother them have never slept in a room with a single mosquito.
People who say they are perfect have already proven themselves wrong.
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on saving.
Physical activity will dramatically improve your outlook today.
Place special emphasis on old friendship.
Protective measures will prevent costly disasters.
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it doesn’t go away.
Relief will be granted if you request it.
Remember that half the people you know are below average.
Remember to fulfill the promise you made to yourself.
Remember, no matter how hard you try, there is always about a million people better than you.
Resting well is as important as working hard.
Romance moves you in a new direction.
Say hello to others. You will have a happier day.
Seven days without laughter makes one weak.
Share your happiness with others today.
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
Silence may suggest wisdom.
Small confidences mark the onset of a friendship.
Some days you are the bug, some days you are the windshield.
Someone you care about seeks reconciliation.
Soon life will become more interesting.
Soon you will be sitting on top of the world.
Sorrow looks back, worry looks around, faith looks up.
Stand tall. Don't look down upon yourself.
Stop searching, happiness is just next to you.
Strange that psychics have to ask you for your name.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
Success is getting what you want.
Take a minute to gaze above and beyond your usual view. You may notice some stains on the ceiling.
Take care and sensitivity you show towards others will return to you.
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
Take the high road.
That person with whom you exchanged suggestive glances? No, they didn't fancy you.
The austerity you see around you covers the richness of life like a veil.
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
The harder you work, the luckier you will get.
The heart is wiser than the intellect.
The impossible is often the untried.
The light of a hundred stars cannot equal the light of the moon.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
The nicer anything tastes, the worse it is for you.
The night life is for you.
The only good is knowledge and the only evil ignorance.
The only reason some people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory.
The only thing that sets us apart from animals is that we're not afraid of vacuum cleaners.
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
The secret to good friends is no secret to you.
The seeds of an idea you planted long ago finally blossom.
The smart thing to do is to begin trusting your intuitions.
The supreme happiness in life is the conviction that we are loved.
The truly generous share, even with the undeserving.
The truth is out there, Anyone know the URL?
The world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible.
There are three types of people the world does not understand: madmen, geniuses and people who mumble
There is always room at the top.
There is no distance on this earth as far away as yesterday.
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
Time brings everything for those who wait.
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time.
Today is the conserve yourself, as things just won't budge.
Today, your mouth might be moving but no one is listening.
Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
Tonight you will be blinded by passion.
Treat your friends as you treat your most cherished relatives.
Use your eloquence where it will do the most good.
We are born crying, live complaining, and die disappointed.
Welcome change.
Whatever has been attained is attainable.
When in doubt, select one of the classics.
When luck enters, give her a seat.
When people tell you that you have a great personality, they're really thinking, "DAMN! You're so ugly!
When you can't solve the problem, manage it.
Where bees are, there is honey.
Why should he, who does not honour his parents when living, mourn for them when dead?
Willingness to compromise is often a sign of strength.
Wisdom goes not always by years.
Wisdom is the sunlight of the soul.
Women's faults are many, men have just two! Everything they say and everything they do!
Work methodically on one problem at a time.
Wow! Bet you aren't shy in the changing rooms!
You always bring others happiness.
You are a person of another time.
You are a person of culture.
You are a practical person with your feet on the ground.
You are a talented storyteller
You are admired by everyone for your talent and ability.
You are almost there.
You are always welcome in any gathering.
You are busy, but you are happy.
You are generous to an extreme and always think of the other fellow.
You are going to have some new clothes.
You are heading in the right direction.
You are in good hands this evening.
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.
You are next in line for promotion in your firm.
You are offered the dream of a lifetime. Say yes!
You are solid and dependable.
You are soon going to change your present line of work.
You are talented in many ways.
You are the master of every situation.
You are very expressive and positive in words, act and feeling.
You are working hard.
You begin to appreciate how important it is to share your personal beliefs.
You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
You desire recognition and you will find it.
You don’t stop laughing because you grow old. You grow old because you stop laughing.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You have a friendly heart and are well admired.
You have a shrewd knack for spotting insincerity.
You have a yearning for perfection.
You have an active mind and a keen imagination.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have exceeded what was expected.
You have great stories to tell.
You have style and panache.
You have the power to write your own fortune.
You have yearning for perfection.
You heart is pure, and your mind is clear, and soul devout.
You love challenge.
You love Chinese food.
You make people realize that there exist other beauties in the world.
You may only be one person to the world, but you may also be the world to one person.
You must acknowledge your weaknesses to become strong.
You must play the game to win.
You need to reserve more time for yourself.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
You never miss your water until your well runs dry.
You radiate goodness.
You seek to shield those you love and like the role of provider.
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
You understand how to have fun with others and to enjoy your solitude.
You were spotted dancing the other night... don't give up the day job.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
You will be a great success both in the business world and society.
You will be blessed with longevity.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
You will be fortunate in everything you put your hands to.
You will be inspired by your conscience.
You will be loved fiercely for yourself.
You will be showered with good luck.
You will be successful in your work.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
You will be unusually successful in business.
You will become a great philanthropist in your later years.
You will become more and more wealthy.
You will enjoy good health.
You will enjoy good health; you will be surrounded by luxury.
You will find great contentment in the daily, routine activities.
You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want.
You will get it all done.
You will have a fine capacity for the enjoyment of life.
You will have gold pieces by the bushel.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
You will inherit a large sum of money.
You will make change for the better.
You will soon be crossing the great waters.
You will soon be honored by someone you respect.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
You will take a chance in something in near future.
You will travel far and wide, both for pleasure and business.
You will win success in whatever you adopt
Your abilities are appreciated.
Your abilities are unparalleled.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
Your best defense strategy is to adopt a cooperative posture.
Your biggest virtue is your modesty.
Your character can be described as natural and unrestrained.
Your difficulties will strengthen you.
Your dreams are never silly; depend on them to guide you.
Your dreams are worth your best efforts to achieve them.
Your eloquence has a persuasive impact.
Your energy returns and you get things done.
Your first love has never forgotten you.
Your generous tendencies bring you admiration.
Your happiness is before you, not behind you! Cherish it.
Your hard work will pay off today.
Your heart will always make itself known through your words.
Your home is the center of great love.
Your ideals are well within your reach.
Your infinite capacity for patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Your kindred spirit is vodka.
Your leadership qualities will be tested and proven.
Your life should be recorded for prosperity.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
Your life will get more and more exciting.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Your love of music will be an important part of your life.
Your loyalty is a virtue, but not when it's wedded with blind stubbornness.
Your mind is your greatest asset.
Your next meeting will be more productive.
Your quick wits will get you out of a tough situation.
Your success will astonish everyone.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Your work interests can capture the highest status or prestige.
You're never a loser until you quit trying.
You're not a complete idiot, some parts are missing.
You're too good for him.
Chase a dog down a passage, and he will turn again and bite you.
Clever men are sometimes the dupes of their own cleverness.
The man may be bad whilst his manners are not.
Quarrels cannot escape the verdict of public opinion.
The swallow which builds its nest on a bamboo door screen, will find it difficult to rest.
Build a cottage by the roadside, and you will not get it finished in three years.